Rules for processing personal and telemetry data of 	Data Tools s.r.o.

I.

These Rules for the processing of personal and telemetry data of 	Data Tools s.r.o.  (the "Privacy Policy") set out procedures of the company

Data Tools s.r.o., Company ID: 19386788, V Přístavu 1585/10, Postal Code: 170 00, Prague 7, registered in the Commercial Register maintained by the Municipal Court in Prague, Section C, Entry 385814/MSPH

("DT"),

which DT, as the data controller, follows in the handling of personal data of natural persons who have registered themselves and/or placed an order via DT's website located at https://www.justcat.it (the "CAT Web") and have provided their personal data when registering and/or placing an order.

(the "User" and the "Users" in plural).

At the same time, this Policy provides the Users with information about their rights related to the processing of the Users' personal data by DT. This Policy is an integral part of DT's License Terms and Conditions of Use related to the use of DT's CAT Software and published at https://docs.justcat.it/docs/license, where each user of this website can examine them.

II.

The protection of Users' personal data is provided by Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (the "General Data Protection Regulation") (the "GDPR"), as well as implementing regulations to the GDPR and related legislation upon which this Policy relies.

III.

The User acknowledges that for purposes of legal relationships between DT and the User, it is necessary for DT to process the following personal data of the User:

Business Plan and Enterprise Plan of the CAT Software:

Name, surname, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, name and business identification number of a natural person - entrepreneur, tax identification number,

Company name, registered office, identification number and tax identification number, if (in conjunction with the preceding data) they may constitute personal data used to identify a specific person.



IV.

DT undertakes to respect and protect the User's personal data in accordance with the applicable legislation, in particular the GDPR and Act No. 101/2002 Coll., on the protection of personal data, as amended. The personal data provided will be processed and stored securely in DT's secure information system. DT's information system is also considered to be a system provided by DT's supplier under a contractual relationship (e.g. Microsoft Azure). DT shall have the right to verify, by available means, the personal data provided in terms of accuracy and possible intent that contravenes Czech law or whether personal data have been provided by a person or entity to whom the personal data information does not belong. DT shall only use the personal data provided and identified for the successful implementation of the contractual relationship with the User.

V.

(i)	The User acknowledges that the processing of his/her personal data provided in the Registration/Order Form at https://www.justcat.it is necessary for the implementation of the contractual relationship between DT and the User, i.e. in particular for the granting of a license to the CAT Software by DT.

(ii)	Furthermore, the User acknowledges and agrees that DT is further entitled to process telemetry data related to the use of the CAT Software specified in the following section of this Policy, in particular for analytical, statistical and marketing purposes.

(iii)	The User has the right to request DT to inform the User about the manner in which his/her personal data and telemetry data are handled and DT is obliged to respond to this request. The User has the right to change his/her personal data at any time or to request DT to make such a change.

(iv)	The User has the right to be informed about whether and what personal data and telemetry data DT processes about him/her, to have his/her personal data and/or telemetry data provided to DT modified or erased if the need for such data is no longer justified by the exercise of rights and obligations under the contractual relationship or the need for such data does not arise from the regulations, and the User is entitled to object to the processing of his/her personal data.

(v)	A request for information about processing and for erasure or any objection to the processing of personal data must be sent in writing to the address of DT's registered office or by e-mail to hello@justcat.it and DT undertakes to erase or make the necessary adjustments to restore all data about the User that it processes to perfect state within 14 days of receipt of the request. In this respect, the User has the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority, i.e. the Office for Personal Data Protection, if DT fails to comply with its above-mentioned obligations.

VI.

The User acknowledges that DT is entitled to process the following telemetry data and personal data in connection with the use of the CAT Software.

DT uses personal data for:


Data analysis

Records of contracts

CRM

Accounting

Offers of other services / products



The CAT Software collects and sends (if it has Internet access) telemetry data that help DT understand how the Users use the CAT Software and how it can improve CAT. The telemetry data may from a legitimate reason also contain a license key by which DT is able to associate this data with a particular User. Due to the generic nature of telemetry data (in particular, what CAT features are used and how often), they cannot be used for potential troubleshooting. The telemetry data mainly contain information about the type and number of tests run, the time of launching the test, whether or not individual tests ended with an error, the type of test data source, and the type of output. Telemetry data are mainly used for analysis and further improvement of the CAT Software.

 

VII.

DT is entitled to process the User’s personal and telemetry data for the duration of the contractual relationship between the User and DT. After the contractual relationship ceases to exist, DT is entitled to process only such personal data for which DT is obliged to do so by a regulation, in particular in the field of taxation, accounting or archiving, as well as such telemetry data that do not lead to the identification of the User and are used for further development of the CAT Software and for statistical purposes.



Prague, October 10th 2024



Data Tools s.r.o.