CAT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

„Author”  shall mean a company Data Tools s.r.o., having its registered office at V Přístavu 1585/10, 170 00 Prague 7, Czech Republic, ID No. 19386788, registered in the Commercial Register maintained by the Municipal Court in Prague, Section C, File 385814/MSPH;  

„CAT software“ shall mean a software product developed by the Author, an author's work, designed for data testing, whose features include speed, ease of test generation, ease of use and flexibility in data formats and sources designed for testing;  

“License” shall mean terms and conditions for use of the CAT software as specified below;  

“You” shall mean an individual or a legal entity who downloads an appropriate version of the CAT software available at available distribution sources, such as PowerShell gallery, WinGet, Microsoft store, Author’s website and others. 

(i)	The Author hereby grants You an authorization to exercise the right to use the CAT software – Personal plan - free of charge. You are entitled to use the functionalities of the CAT software in interactive mode only, for your own needs only and in line with the purpose thereof, i.e. to test data on your server. Interactive mode shall mean that appropriate operation of CAT software is started manually by your own action. This authorization does not apply on CAT software – Business plan and Enterpise plan which are subject to specific terms and conditions of use.   

(ii)	The CAT software is provided “as is”, without warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, including but not limited to any warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. In no event shall be the Author liable for any claim, damages or other liability arising out from or in connection with the CAT software and its use.  

(iii)	Without a prior written consent of the Author, You are not authorized to assign, convey, lend, allow to be used or otherwise provide on a temporary or permanent basis an authorization comprising the License or the License to third parties or to make the CAT software available to the general public. The License does not include provision of source codes for the CAT Software. You are not authorized to carry out any activities leading to uncovering the ideas and principles behind the functioning of the CAT software in order to design an identically or similarly functioning software (the reverse engineering).  

(iv)	Specific and more comprehensive works using the CAT software may be accessible under different terms upon registration and ordering.  

(v)	By downloading the CAT software from any distribution source or Author’s website You declare your understanding and acceptance of these terms and conditions of CAT software License.  

(vi)	By downloading the CAT software, You acknowledge that the Author may use data related to operation of CAT software on your server for analytic and statistic purposes.  

Prague, October 14th 2024 

Data Tools s.r.o. 
